# create-react-app front-end

This is the front-end client for our dapp. It is built with `create-react-app` and uses a higher-order component (HOC) so we can easily let each page connect to the blockchain and the contract instance.

## Components

- `index.js` — the deafult generated by `create-react-app`.
- `App.js` - top level component providing basic navigation structure of the app.
- `components/Home.js` - initial home page corresponding to the `/` url.
- `components/Accounts.js` — This is a page listing the accounts returned from Web3. This file demonstrates the basic use of the `withWeb3` HOC.
- `components/DApp.js` — This is a barebones demonstration dapp that utilizes the `withWeb3` HOC, but also makes calls to the contract. More specifically, it stores a value and gets a value.

## The `web3` folder

### `getWeb3.js`

This is a function for actually getting the Web3 object. [ToDo: explain web3 injection and the relevant .env file contents]

### `withWeb3.js`

This is a higher-order component (HOC) that allows us to wrap a component and "magically" have `web3`, `accounts`, and the `contract` instance injected as props. For an example of how to use it, look at the `accounts` and `dapp` pages.

You may want to modify this for your own purposes. For example, you can change what is shown to the user while the app is loading Web3.

### `utils.js`

The functions `getAccounts` and `getContractInstance` are placed in this file, and their purpose is simply explained by their respective names. Both of these functions require `web3` to be passed in and will resolve asynchronously.

If you want to get multiple contract instances, you may want to add an additional function based off of `getContractInstance`.

## `contracts`

A symlink to the top-level `build/contracts` located in the Truffle project is placed here so that the React app can refer to the build artifacts from the parent Truffle project.

## `.env`

This file contains environment variables.